docs/gui/gm-editor.rst, before:

gui/gm-editor
=============

.. dfhack-tool::
    :summary: Inspect and edit DF game data.
    :tags: dfhack armok inspection animals buildings items jobs map plants stockpiles units workorders

This editor allows you to inspect or modify almost anything in DF. Press
:kbd:`?` for in-game help.

Select a field and hit :kbd:`Enter` or double click to edit, or, for structured
fields, hit :kbd:`Enter` or single click to inspect their contents. Right click
or hit :kbd:`Esc` to go back to the previous structure you were inspecting.
Right clicking when viewing the structure you started with will exit the tool.
Hold down :kbd:`Shift` and right click to exit, even if you are inspecting a
substructure, no matter how deep.

If you just want to browse without fear of accidentally changing anything, hit
:kbd:`Ctrl`:kbd:`D` to toggle read-only mode. If you want `gui/gm-editor` to
automatically pick up changes to game data in realtime, hit :kbd:`Alt`:kbd:`A`
to switch to auto update mode.

.. warning::

    Note that data structures can be created and deleted while the game is
    running. If you happen to be inspecting a dynamically allocated data
    structure when it is deleted by the game, the game may crash. Please save
    your game before poking around in `gui/gm-editor`, especially if you are
    examining data while the game is unpaused.

Usage
-----

``gui/gm-editor [-f]``
    Open the editor on whatever is selected or viewed (e.g. unit/item/building/
    engraving/etc.)
``gui/gm-editor [-f] <lua expression>``
    Evaluate a lua expression and opens the editor on its results. Field
    prefixes of ``df.global`` can be omitted.
``gui/gm-editor [-f] dialog``
    Show an in-game dialog to input the lua expression to evaluate. Works the
    same as the version above.

Examples
--------

``gui/gm-editor``
    Opens the editor on the selected unit/item/job/workorder/stockpile etc.
``gui/gm-editor world.items.all``
    Opens the editor on the items list.
``gui/gm-editor --freeze scr``
    Opens the editor on the current DF viewscreen data (bypassing any DFHack
    layers) and prevents the underlying viewscreen from getting updates while
    you have the editor open.

Options
-------

``-f``, ``--freeze``
    Freeze the underlying viewscreen so that it does not receive any updates.
    This allows you to be sure that whatever you are inspecting or modifying
    will not be read or changed by the game until you are done with it. Note
    that this will also prevent any rendering refreshes, so the background is
    replaced with a blank screen. You can open multiple instances of
    `gui/gm-editor` as usual when the game is frozen. The black background will
    disappear when the last `gui/gm-editor` window that was opened with the
    ``--freeze`` option is dismissed.

Screenshot
----------

.. image:: /docs/images/gm-editor.png

Commit message:

support stringification of language_name fields
and an option to turn it off in case of need to browse garbage

docs/gui/gm-editor.rst, after:

gui/gm-editor
=============

.. dfhack-tool::
    :summary: Inspect and edit DF game data.
    :tags: dfhack armok inspection animals buildings items jobs map plants stockpiles units workorders

This editor allows you to inspect or modify almost anything in DF. Press
:kbd:`?` for in-game help.

Select a field and hit :kbd:`Enter` or double click to edit, or, for structured
fields, hit :kbd:`Enter` or single click to inspect their contents. Right click
or hit :kbd:`Esc` to go back to the previous structure you were inspecting.
Right clicking when viewing the structure you started with will exit the tool.
Hold down :kbd:`Shift` and right click to exit, even if you are inspecting a
substructure, no matter how deep.

If you just want to browse without fear of accidentally changing anything, hit
:kbd:`Ctrl`:kbd:`D` to toggle read-only mode.

If you want `gui/gm-editor` to automatically pick up changes to game data in
realtime, hit :kbd:`Alt`:kbd:`A` to switch to auto update mode.

.. warning::

    Note that data structures can be created and deleted while the game is
    running. If you happen to be inspecting a dynamically allocated data
    structure when it is deleted by the game, the game may crash. Please save
    your game before poking around in `gui/gm-editor`, especially if you are
    examining data while the game is unpaused.

Usage
-----

::

    gui/gm-editor [<options>] [<lua expression>]
    gui/gm-editor [<options>] dialog

When specifying a lua expression, field prefixes of ``df.global`` can be
omitted.

Examples
--------

``gui/gm-editor``
    Opens the editor on the selected unit/item/job/workorder/stockpile etc.
``gui/gm-editor world.items.all``
    Opens the editor on the items list.
``gui/gm-editor df.unit.find(12345)``
    Opens the editor on the unit with id 12345.
``gui/gm-editor reqscript('gui/quickfort').view``
    Opens the editor on a running instance of `gui/quickfort`. Useful for
    debugging GUI tool state during development.
``gui/gm-editor --freeze scr``
    Opens the editor on the current DF viewscreen data (bypassing any DFHack
    tools that may be open) and prevents the underlying viewscreen from getting
    updates while you are inspecting the data.
``gui/gm-editor dialog``
    Show an in-game dialog to input the lua expression to evaluate.

Options
-------

``-f``, ``--freeze``, ``--safe-mode``
    Freeze the underlying viewscreen so that it does not receive any updates.
    This allows you to be sure that whatever you are inspecting or modifying
    will not be read or changed by the game until you are done with it. Note
    that this will also prevent any rendering refreshes, so the background is
    replaced with a blank screen. You can open multiple instances of
    `gui/gm-editor` as usual when the game is frozen. The black background will
    disappear when the last `gui/gm-editor` window that was opened with the
    ``--freeze`` option is dismissed.
``--no-stringification``
    Don't attempt to provide helpful string representations of potentially
    unsafe fields like language_name when browsing the data structures. Specify
    this option when you know you will be browsing garbage data that could lead
    to crashes if accessed for stringification.

Screenshot
----------

.. image:: /docs/images/gm-editor.png
